# Terms of Service

No rights can be derived from the information provided on this website. Although the information on this website has been compiled with the utmost care and is regularly updated, the Netherlands eScience Center cannot guarantee that it is free of errors and always up to date. As such, the eScience Center cannot be held liable for any information that might contain errors or be outdated.
All material is owned by the Netherlands eScience Center. Reproduction is permitted, except where otherwise stated, provided the source is acknowledged.
Personal profile pages of eScience Center staff do not in any way constitute official eScience content. The views and opinions expressed are strictly those of the page authors.
The Netherlands eScience Center does not guarantee that the website will function error-free or uninterrupted.
The Netherlands eScience Center website contains links to various external sites. These links are provided for reference purposes only. The Netherlands eScience Center does not necessarily endorse or recommend any entities listed on this website, nor does it necessarily share the views expressed by them. The Netherlands eScience Center cannot be held liable for any damage, loss or injury that a person or organisation may suffer as a result of any dealing with an organisation or person reached via these web pages.
The Netherlands eScience Center shall not be liable for any damages of any kind, including consequential or incidental damages, arising from the submission, installation, maintenance, transmission, copying, modification, distribution or use of any materials.
